-- Drop table PRODUCT
DROP TABLE  iF EXISTS PRODUCT;
-- Create table PRODUCT
create table PRODUCT
(
ID INT  AUTO_INCREMENT,
NAME  VARCHAR(128) not null,
PRICE DOUBLE not null,
IMAGE  TINYTEXT not null,
shortDescription  TINYTEXT  ,
description  MEDIUMTEXT  ,
soldAmount INT not null,
cID INT ,
sell_ID INT ,
primary key (ID)
) ;
-- Drop table CATEGORY
DROP TABLE  iF EXISTS CATEGORY;
-- Create table CATEGORY
create table CATEGORY
(
cID int  AUTO_INCREMENT,
cNAME  VARCHAR(128) not null,
primary key (CID)
) ;
-- Drop table Account
DROP TABLE  iF EXISTS account;

-- Create table Account
create table account
(
ID INT  AUTO_INCREMENT,
username  VARCHAR(16) not null,
pass  VARCHAR(16) not null,
isSell  VARCHAR(16) not null,
isAdmin VARCHAR(16) not null,
primary key (ID)
) ;
-- Insert Account data: ---------------------------------------------------------------
insert into account (username,pass,isSell,isAdmin) VALUES ('thai','123',1,1);
insert into account (username,pass,isSell,isAdmin) VALUES ('tran','456',1,0);
insert into account (username,pass,isSell,isAdmin) VALUES ('tan','tan',0,0);
insert into account (username,pass,isSell,isAdmin) VALUES ('thai123','123',0,0);

-- Insert CATEGORY data: ---------------------------------------------------------------
insert into CATEGORY (cNAME) values ('ACTION');
insert into CATEGORY (cNAME) values ('IDDLE');
insert into CATEGORY (cNAME) values ('FPS');
insert into CATEGORY (cNAME) values ('RPG');
insert into CATEGORY (cNAME) values ('HASH & SLASH');
-- Insert PRODUCT data: ---------------------------------------------------------------

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID)
values ( 'Uncharted 4', 14.99, 'https://image.api.playstation.com/vulcan/img/rnd/202010/2620/BYDPo5By4M1MYN0401ZDHtA7.png','
Carve your own clever path to vengeance in the critically acclaimed adventure from developer FromSoftware, creators of Bloodborne and the Dark Souls series.','Several years before the events of the first game, Nate and Sam hunt for the treasure of pirate Henry Avery, who plundered a fortune during the 1695 Gunsway heist. Alongside Rafe, the Drake brothers infiltrate a Panamanian jail to access the former cell of Averys first mate, where Nate discovers a hollow St. Dismas idol. When the prison warden who aided them demands a cut, Rafe impulsively kills him, triggering a frantic escape. Nate and Rafe successfully escape, but Sam is shot by guards, presumed dead.

Fifteen years later, following the events of the previous game, Nate has retired with his wife Elena but misses the excitement of his old life. He is visited by Sam, who survived the gunshots and has spent the intervening time incarcerated. He explains that he escaped with drug lord Hector Alcazar, who demands that Sam find Averys treasure or be killed. Nate agrees to help Sam, lying to Elena that he has accepted a salvaging job in Malaysia which he had actually refused. Aided by Sully, the Drakes steal a duplicate Dismas idol from an illegal auction in Italy, bringing them into conflict with South African mercenary boss Nadine Ross and her employer, Rafe, who is still searching for Averys treasure. A map inside the idol leads the Drakes to St. Dismas cathedral in the Scottish Highlands. There, they discover a hidden temple and a map highlighting Kings Bay in Madagascar.',360000,1,1);

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID)values ( 'The Last of Us', 20.99, 'http://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1_YzhPpzqK1RjSZFCq6zbxVXac.jpg_.webp?width=1060&height=1500&hash=2560','The Last of Us is a 2013 action-adventure game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. Players control Joel, a smuggler tasked with escorting a teenage girl, Ellie, across a post-apocalyptic United States. The Last of Us is played from a third-person perspective. Players use firearms and improvised weapons, and can use stealth to defend against hostile humans and cannibalistic creatures infected by a mutated fungus in the genus Cordyceps. In the online multiplayer mode, up to eight players engage in cooperative and competitive gameplay.','In 2013, an outbreak of a mutant Cordyceps fungus ravages the United States, transforming its human hosts into aggressive creatures known as the Infected. In the suburbs of Austin, Texas, Joel (Troy Baker) flees the chaos with his brother Tommy (Jeffrey Pierce) and daughter Sarah (Hana Hayes). As they flee, Sarah is shot by a soldier and dies in Joels arms.
Twenty years later, civilization has been decimated by the infection. Survivors live in totalitarian quarantine zones, independent settlements, and nomadic groups, leaving buildings and houses deserted. Joel works as a smuggler with his partner Tess (Annie Wersching) in the quarantine zone in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts. They hunt down Robert (Robin Atkin Downes), a black-market dealer, to recover a stolen weapons cache. Before Tess kills him, Robert reveals that he traded the cache with the Fireflies, a rebel militia opposing the quarantine zone authorities.
The leader of the Fireflies, Marlene (Merle Dandridge), promises to double their cache in return for smuggling a teenage girl, Ellie (Ashley Johnson), to Fireflies hiding in the Massachusetts State House outside the quarantine zone. Joel, Tess, and Ellie sneak out in the night, but after an encounter with a government patrol, they discover Ellie is infected. Symptoms normally occur within two days, but Ellie claims she was infected three weeks earlier and that her immunity may lead to a cure. The trio make their way to their destination through hordes of the infected, but find that the Fireflies there have been killed. Tess reveals she has been bitten by an infected and, believing in Ellies importance, sacrifices herself against pursuing soldiers so Joel and Ellie can escape. Joel decides to find Tommy, a former Firefly, in the hope that he can locate the remaining Fireflies.
With the help of Bill (W. Earl Brown), a smuggler and survivalist who owes Joel a favor, they acquire a working vehicle from Bills neighborhood. Driving into Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Joel and Ellie are ambushed by bandits, and their car is wrecked. They ally with two brothers, Henry (Brandon Scott) and Sam (Nadji Jeter). After they escape the city, Sam is bitten but hides it from the group. As his infection takes hold, Sam attacks Ellie, but Henry shoots him dead before taking his own life. In the fall, Joel and Ellie finally find Tommy in Jackson, Wyoming, where he has assembled a fortified settlement near a hydroelectric dam with his wife Maria (Ashley Scott). Joel decides to leave Ellie with Tommy, but after she confronts him about Sarah, he lets her stay with him. Tommy directs them to a Fireflies enclave at the University of Eastern Colorado. They find the university abandoned, but learn that the Fireflies have moved to a hospital in Salt Lake City, Utah. The two are attacked by bandits, and Joel is severely wounded while escaping.',360000,1,2 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'SIFU', 15.99, 'https://www.mobygames.com/images/covers/l/793635-sifu-windows-front-cover.jpg','Sifu - When it comes to martial arts, “Kung Fu” is probably the first phrase that many people think of. The cause could be the emergence of martial arts in popular culture, such as novels, comic books, and movies.','Eight years before the game begins, the main characters familys dojo is attacked by a former student and his four accomplices.
The protagonists father, because of his advanced age, lost his life at the hands of a traitor disciple. The main character, now just a baby, was mercilessly killed shortly after.
Fortunately, before being killed, the main character holds a string of magic coins in his hand. This coin chain revives the protagonist, giving us a chance to get revenge.
8 years have passed, the main character is now 20 years old and has become a tough martial artist of the Bach Mi Quyen sect. Our revenge journey also officially begins, with the effective assistant being the coin chain.',360000,1,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'Outer Wilds', 20.99, 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BOTg3M2YzN2ItMDI2Zi00YmI5LWFhZTUtNzNiODkwMzUzMmNkXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNzgxNDk0NTI@._V1_FMjpg_UX1000_.jpg','Outer Wilds is an action-adventure game developed by Mobius Digital and published by Annapurna Interactive. It was first released for Microsoft Windows, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4 in 2019; a Nintendo Switch port was first announced in 2021. The game features the player character exploring a solar system stuck in a 22-minute time loop, which ends as the sun goes supernova. The player progresses through the game by exploring the solar system and learning clues to the cause of the time loop. Outer Wilds received critical acclaim and received several Game of the Year awards, including the British Academy Games Award for Best Game. It received an expansion, Echoes of the Eye, in 2021.','The player takes the role of an unnamed alien space explorer preparing for their first solo flight. After being involuntarily paired with a statue on their home planet made by the Nomai, an ancient and mysterious race that had once colonized the system, the player discovers they are trapped in a time loop. Every loop resets when the sun goes supernova after 22 minutes, or when the player-character otherwise dies.

The player learns that the Nomai were obsessed with finding the "Eye of the Universe", a massive anomaly using macroscopic quantum mechanics that is older than the universe itself. Curious to find out what was held within the Eye, but having lost its signal, the Nomai built an orbital cannon to launch probes to visually find the Eye. The chance of visually finding the object with a random shot into space was infinitesimally small, so they also developed a device, the Ash Twin Project, to send the results of the probes scan 22 minutes back in time, so that the cannon could be "reused" an infinite number of times. The amount of power required to go back in time was so high that the only viable way of obtaining it would be from a supernova, so they attempted to artificially induce the sun to explode, but were unsuccessful. The Nomai were wiped out by an extinction-level event after completing construction of these projects but before setting the time-loop process into motion. The system is now operating because the sun has naturally reached the end of its life cycle. The resulting supernova feeds power into the Ash Twin Project, conveying the players memories back in time to their previous self and resetting the cannon for another scan.',360000,2,1  );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'It Takes Two', 20.99, 'https://static.muve.pl/uploads/product-cover/0163/3618/5jzunzfcld7t0-xhcaam5ry7lsjd4namubdaartplia-350x200-3x-0.jpeg','Takes Two is an action-adventure video game with elements from platform games. It is specifically designed for split-screen cooperative multiplayer, which means that it must be played with another player through either local or online play. The game features a large number of game mechanics from various video game genres.[2] These gameplay mechanics are connected to the story and the theme of the level. For instance, in one level, Cody gains the ability to rewind time, whereas May can replicate herself. Players have to cooperate with each other and utilize these abilities in order to progress. The game also features a large number of minigames.[3]','Cody and May, a married couple, are planning on getting a divorce. After telling their daughter Rose the news, she takes her hand-made dolls, which look like her parents, into the family shed and tries to repair their relationship by play-acting. The parents find themselves trapped inside the dolls bodies as a consequence of Roses tears landing on the dolls. Dr. Hakim, who has assumed the anthropomorphic form of his relationship therapy book, tells May and Cody that he has been given the job of trying to fix their relationship as they try to reach Rose.

At first, Cody and May are more focused on trying to reach Rose, who they hope knows of a way to return them to their human bodies. However, Hakim continually interferes with their progress, often putting obstacles and tests in their way to force them to collaborate to progress. They also come across magically anthropomorphic versions of their old possessions, who criticize Cody and May for their mistreatment and negligence of both their possessions and Rose. As they travel all around their property, Cody and May are reminded of the positive memories they had together, as well as what originally drew them together to become a couple, and learn to work together and collaborate to move forward in their journey.',360000,2,2  );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ('The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild', 19.99, 'https://cutewallpaper.org/21/breath-of-the-wild-desktop-wallpaper/1920x1080-2018-The-Legend-Of-Zelda-Breath-Of-The-Wild-4k-.jpg','The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild[b] is a 2017 action-adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch and Wii U consoles. Breath of the Wild is the nineteenth installment of The Legend of Zelda franchise and is set at the end of the Zelda timeline. The player controls Link, who awakens from a hundred-year slumber to defeat Calamity Ganon and restore the kingdom of Hyrule.','Breath of the Wild takes place at the end of the Zelda timeline in the kingdom of Hyrule.In ancient times long before the beginning of the game, the ancient Sheikah race had developed Hyrule into an advanced civilization, protected by four enormous animalistic machines called the Divine Beasts and an army of autonomous weapons called Guardians.[19] When the evil Calamity Ganon appeared and threatened Hyrule, four great warriors were given the title of Champion, and each piloted one of the Divine Beasts to weaken Ganon while the princess with the blood of the goddess and her appointed knight fought and defeated him by sealing him away.

10,000 years later, the kingdom of Hyrule had since regressed to a medieval state.Reading their ancestors prophecies, the Hylians recognized the signs of Ganons return and excavated surrounding areas to uncover the Divine Beasts and Guardians.[25] During this time, Princess Zelda trained vigorously to awaken the sealing magic needed to defeat Ganon while trying to maintain her personal research. In the meantime, a knight was appointed to protect her: Link, who was chosen due to his ability to wield the Master Sword, also known as the Sword that Seals the Darkness. The champions of Hyrules races — Daruk, warrior of the mountainous Goron; Mipha, princess of the aquatic Zora; Revali, archer of the birdlike Rito; and Urbosa, chief of the desert-dwelling Gerudo — assembled to pilot the Divine Beasts (Vah Rudania, Vah Ruta, Vah Medoh, and Vah Naboris, respectively) while the current Zelda and Link battled Ganon.[26] However, Ganon possessed the Guardians and Divine Beasts, turning them against Hyrule. King Rhoam and the Champions were killed, the castle town was destroyed, and Link was gravely wounded while defending the Hyrulean Armys only remaining base, Fort Hateno.[27] Zelda took Link to safety for him to heal, hid the Master Sword in the Lost Woods under protection from the Great Deku Tree, and used her magic to seal herself and Ganon in Hyrule Castle.[28] This cataclysmic tragedy came to be known through the ages as the Great Calamity.',360000,2,3   );


insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID)
values ('Fallout 4', 20.99, 'https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/913m4BOW-NL.jpg','Fallout 4 is a 2015 action role-playing game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. The game is set within an open world post-apocalyptic environment that encompasses the city of Boston and the surrounding Massachusetts region known as "The Commonwealth". It makes use of a number of local landmarks, including Bunker Hill, Fort Independence, and Old North Bridge near Concord, as the bridge out of Sanctuary Hills.','The story begins in 2077 in Sanctuary Hills, located near Concord, Massachusetts. The player character is at home with their spouse (Nate or Nora depending on the player characters gender), their son Shaun, and Codsworth, a robotic butler. A Vault-Tec representative admits the family into Vault 111, the local fallout shelter. Moments later, a news bulletin warns of an incoming nuclear attack. As the detonation occurs, the family evacuates to the Vault, where they are tricked into entering cryogenic tubes and frozen alive. After an unknown number of years, they are reawakened by two strangers, who murder the players spouse and kidnap Shaun. The player is put back into cryogenic sleep and awakens again when the life support system malfunctions. The player, nicknamed the Sole Survivor of Vault 111, vows to avenge their spouses death and find Shaun.

The Sole Survivor heads home to find Sanctuary Hills in ruins. They reunite with Codsworth, revealing that 210 years have passed since the war. Codsworth suggests that the Survivor go to Concord for help. The Survivor finds and befriends Dogmeat, and assists the Minutemen faction in evacuating to Sanctuary Hills. The Sole Survivor travels to Diamond City, a fortified settlement based in the ruins of Fenway Park, where they meet Piper. There, they learn about a secretive organization called the Institute that has been terrifying the Commonwealth by kidnapping people and replacing them with "synths", synthetic humans indistinguishable from real humans.',360000,3,1 );


insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'God of war', 4.99, 'https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/919byslWIkL.jpg','
In God of War, players control Kratos, a Spartan warrior who is sent by the Greek gods to kill Ares, the god of war.','As the story progresses, Kratos is revealed to be Ares’ former servant, who had been tricked into killing his own family and is haunted by terrible nightmares. Armed with the Blades of Chaos, a weapon made out of two daggers attached to chains, Kratos rumbles through ancient Athens and other locations on a murderous quest to terminate the rogue god. Action in God of War is viewed from the third person, and advanced movements such as running, jumping, climbing, and swimming are similar to those in the Tomb Raider series, another adventure-game series with strong platform-game characteristics. Some of Kratos’s foes can be killed only by combinations of magic and physical attacks, making combat more reliant on skill. Greek mythology powers the story, so players encounter a myriad of Minotaurs and Hydras.

God of War’s popularity prompted the development of a number of direct sequels and several spin-offs. God of War II (2007) for the PlayStation 2 also earned favourable critical response and generated excellent sales, and God of War III (2010) concluded the story of Kratos’s revenge in spectacular fashion.',490000, 5, 1 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'God of war 2', 7.99, 'https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91NUo-oa1lL.jpg','
The game is set before God of War (2005), during a period of 10 years Kratos served the Olympians in search of salvation from a nightmare of the past. At this time, Kratos made a great feat when saving Mount Olympus from doom in the revenge plot of the Queen of the Underworld, the goddess Persephone.','The game is set before God of War (2005), during a period of 10 years Kratos served the Olympians in search of salvation from a nightmare of the past. At this time, Kratos made a great feat when saving Mount Olympus from doom in the revenge plot of the Queen of the Underworld, the goddess Persephone.',200000,5,2 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ('God of war 3', 11.99, 'https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT2oXvFr59eHHasF-wAbh5NujO4ZE0CcUWT8fUMgYmI9DhZlPny6Ib2QP1uqh2ndowyG0k&usqp=CAU','
The game is set before God of War (2005), during a period of 10 years Kratos served the Olympians in search of salvation from a nightmare of the past. At this time, Kratos made a great feat when saving Mount Olympus from doom in the revenge plot of the Queen of the Underworld, the goddess Persephone.','Kratos, Gaia, and the other Titans ascend Mount Olympus to destroy the Olympian gods. Poseidon launches an assault against them, but is killed by Kratos and Gaia; his death causes the oceans to flood Greece. Reaching Olympus peak, they try to attack Zeus, but he drives them back and knocks them off the mountain. As Gaia clings to the mountainside, she refuses to save Kratos, calling him a pawn for the Titans revenge.

Kratos falls into the River Styx, where he loses the Blade of Olympus before the souls of the Underworld weaken him and ruin the Blades of Athena. Climbing from the river, he is greeted by Athenas spirit, who was brought to a higher existence after she sacrificed herself to save Zeus from Kratos, and she now can witness truths which previously couldnt. She gives him the Blades of Exile and tells him he must extinguish the Flame of Olympus to kill Zeus. After finding the three Judges of the Underworld and the Chain of Balance, Kratos briefly meets the spirit of Pandora, whom he briefly mistakes for his dead daughter, Calliope. Following an encounter with the Olympian blacksmith Hephaestus and recovering the Blade of Olympus, he kills Hadesand releases the souls of the Underworld. Kratos considers searching for Calliopes soul, but Athena reminds him of his quest, and he leaves the Underworld. Arriving at Olympia, he finds the wounded Gaia, who begs him for help. Resentful of Gaias earlier betrayal, however, Kratos severs her arm, causing her to fall to her apparent death.

The imprisoned architect, Daedalus, tells Kratos to unite the Labyrinth. Completing this task, Kratos fights his way through the aerial puzzle and rescues Pandora. Neutralizing the judges and breaking the Chain of Balance, Kratos raises the Labyrinth, and Pandora tries to enter the Flame. Zeus intervenes and fights Kratos, but Pandora sacrifices herself despite Kratos reluctance. Finding Pandoras Box empty, Kratos attacks Zeus. Having survived her apparent demise however, Gaia returns and tries to kill them both, but they escape through her body and continue their battle inside her chest. Kratos impales Zeus against her heart, killing Gaia and apparently Zeus. Believing he is done, Kratos is attacked by Zeus spirit, who removes his weapons and powers. Before Zeus can finish him off, Kratos is saved by a vision of Pandora during a journey into his psyche. With help from the spirits of Calliope and his wife Lysandra, Kratos forgives himself before regaining consciousness, regaining his god powers along with the power of Hope, forcing Zeus spirit back into his body; Kratos beats him to death. His revenge complete, Kratos looks upon the apocalyptic Greek landscape, a result of him killing Zeus and the Greek Pantheon.
',746123,5,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'God of war 4', 19.99, 'https://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/ttv-boxart/God%20of%20War.jpg','
Many years after defeating the Olympian gods,[e] Kratos now lives with his son Atreus in the realm of Midgard. After cremating the body of his wife, Faye, Kratos is confronted by a stranger with godly powers and strength. The two battle and Kratos seemingly kills the stranger, after which Kratos and Atreus begin their journey to honor Faye last wish: to scatter her ashes at the highest peak in the nine realms. Along the way, they encounter the kindly Witch of the Woods, who recognises Kratos as a god.','Reaching the Lake of the Nine, the pair encounter the friendly World Serpent, Jörmungandr, the last remaining Giant. Continuing on their journey, they find their path blocked by impenetrable black mist; the Witch of the Woods appears and instructs them to use the Bifröst to travel to Alfheim and secure its Light to extinguish the mist. Successful, they reach Midgards peak and overhear a conversation between the stranger who had previously attacked them—revealed to be Baldur, son of Odin—and the imprisoned Mímir. After they leave, Kratos and Atreus confront Mímir, who reveals that the highest peak is in Jötunheim, but the Giants have blocked travel there to keep out Odin and Thor. Knowing of another passage, Mímir instructs Kratos to behead him and have his head revived by the Witch of the Woods, whom upon resurrection, he reveals to be the god Freya. Kratos longstanding hatred of gods causes him to immediately distrust her, but both Freya and Mímir warn him that he must tell Atreus about his true nature.',123534,5,4);

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'Sekiro shadow die twice', 20.99, 'https://i.pinimg.com/originals/64/4e/93/644e93fc31971e5e3aaee46f92a5165c.jpg','
Carve your own clever path to vengeance in the critically acclaimed adventure from developer FromSoftware, creators of Bloodborne and the Dark Souls series.','
Explore late 1500s Sengoku Japan as you come face to face with larger than life foes in a dark and twisted world. Unleash an arsenal of deadly prosthetic tools and ninja abilities while you blend stealth, vertical traversal and visceral head to head combat in a bloody confrontation.',467000,5,5 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ('The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim', 33.99, 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81rwetLHTwL._SL1500_.jpg','The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an action role-playing video game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. It is the fifth main installment in the Elder Scrolls series, following 2006 The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, and was released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 on November 11, 2011.','Prior to the beginning of the game, Imperial soldiers catch the Dragonborn illegally crossing the border into Skyrim and mistake them for a Stormcloak rebel, a crime for which the player receives a death sentence. The execution of the player character by the Imperials in Helgen, a small settlement in Skyrim south, is interrupted when Alduin starts laying waste to the village. The player manages to escape through the tunnels underneath the keep, and heads to the nearby village of Riverwood, whose inhabitants ask the player to inform the Jarl of Whiterun, a large town to the north, of the dragon attack. After meeting with Jarl Balgruuf, and retrieving a tablet with information about the dragons from a nearby barrow on his behalf, the player kills a dragon which attacks nearby and absorbs its soul. After shouting, the player is informed that they must be Dragonborn, and is soon summoned by the Greybeard monks. After a long journey and climb up the Throat of the World, the tallest mountain in Tamriel and home of the Greybeards, the Dragonborn is informed by Arngeir of their heritage and role in stopping Alduin, and begins their training.',467000,5,6 );


insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'Hades', 10.99, 'https://cdn1.epicgames.com/min/offer/1200x1600-1200x1600-e92fa6b99bb20c9edee19c361b8853b9.jpg','Players control Zagreus, the son of Hades, as he attempts to escape from the Underworld to reach Mount Olympus, at times aided by gifts bestowed on him from the other Olympians. Each run challenges the player through a random series of rooms populated with enemies and rewards. The game has a hack and slash combat system.','Zagreus, the son of Hades, seeks to escape his father realm in the Underworld. He is aided by his adoptive mother Nyx, who gives him a special mirror that empowers him with various abilities via collected Darkness; the Gods of Olympus to whom he has reached out, who provide him with Boons that give him special powers, and his mentor Achilles, who provides him with the Infernal Arms and the Codex, weapons that possess powerful and hidden aspects of their past, present, and future wielders. Zagreus is also helped by Charon, who sells various supported items and also employs the skeleton dummy Skelly to help, the departed residents of the Underworld: Sisyphus, Eurydice and Patroclus, who give Zagreus gifts along the way up, and Thanatos, who goes against Hades to occasionally assist Zagreus. Hades hinders Zagreus progress by unleashing the Underworld various residents on him, including the Fury Megaera, Zagreus ex-lover (and later on her sisters Alecto and Tisiphone) in Tartarus; a Lernean Bone Hydra (nicknamed Lernie by Zagreus) in Asphodel; the legendary Theseus alongside his new partner Asterius in Elysium, and finally Hades himself on the surface.',222200,5,7 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID)
values ( 'ELDEN RING', 59.99, 'https://image.api.playstation.com/vulcan/ap/rnd/202108/0410/0Jz6uJLxOK7JOMMfcfHFBi1D.png','ELDEN RING features vast fantastical landscapes and shadowy, complex dungeons that are connected seamlessly.Traverse the breathtaking world on foot or on horseback, alone or online with other players, and fully immerse yourself in the grassy plains, suffocating swamps, spiraling mountains, foreboding castles and other sites of grandeur on a scale never seen before in a FromSoftware title.','Journey through the Lands Between, a new fantasy world created by Hidetaka Miyazaki, creator of the influential DARK SOULS video game series, and George R. R. Martin, author of The New York Times best-selling fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire. Unravel the mysteries of the Elden Ring’s power. Encounter adversaries with profound backgrounds, characters with their own unique motivations for helping or hindering your progress, and fearsome creatures. Rise, Tarnished, and be guided by grace to brandish the power of the Elden Ring and become an Elden Lord in the Lands Between.
In the Lands Between ruled by Queen Marika the Eternal, the Elden Ring, the source of the Erdtree, has been shattered.
Marikas offspring, demigods all, claimed the shards of the Elden Ring known as the Great Runes, and the mad taint of their newfound strength triggered a war: The Shattering. A war that meant abandonment by the Greater Will.
And now the guidance of grace will be brought to the Tarnished who were spurned by the grace of gold and exiled from the Lands Between. Ye dead who yet live, your grace long lost, follow the path to the Lands Between beyond the foggy sea to stand before the Elden Ring. ',1000000,5,8 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID)
values ( 'RED DEAD REDEMPTION', 19.99, 'https://d2x08bnoa3twn6.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/theVideoGameGallery_19740_1525x1887.png','Red Dead Redemption is a Western Action-Adventure game developed by Rockstar San Diego. It is the spiritual successor to Red Dead Revolver. It was released for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on May 18, 2010 (North America) and May 21, 2010 (Europe). Red Dead Redemption uses Rockstars RAGE graphics engine, along with NaturalMotions Euphoria character animation/physics software.','The story opens with John Marston, a former outlaw of the Dutch Van Der Linde gang, arriving in Blackwater alongside government agents Edgar Ross and Archer Fordham. The agents escort John to a train which is destined for Armadillo, a town located in the territory of New Austin. His goal is to capture or kill his former gang partner Bill Williamson. Johns wife and son have been kidnapped by the federal agents and threatened with their freedom if he does not comply. He heads out and meets Williamson at Fort Mercer; but after some conversation with him, John is shot by Williamsons men and is left wounded. Bonnie MacFarlane and her ranch hand, Amos find him the next morning, treat his wounds, and provide him lodging in exchange for his help on their ranch.
While Marston works at the ranch, he also spends some time helping the people of Armadillo and the surrounding area, including US Marshal Leigh Johnson, merchant Nigel West Dickens, alcoholic Irish and crazed prospector Seth Briars. When Williamson finds out that Marston is living at the MacFarlanes ranch, his gang burns the barn. After the burning, John recruits Marshal Johnson, Dickens, Irish and Seth to breach Fort Mercer, Williamsons main base of operations. The "Trojan Horse" strategy works well, but he finds Williamson gone, as he and Javier Escuella, another outlaw in Van Der Lindes gang with Marston, have already fled to Nuevo Paraiso the previous day. Irish takes Marston to Mexico, where they are ambushed on the way in. Marston decides to work with Colonel Allende, a dictator, in several battles, and his captain Vincente de Santa. Marston also works with vigilante aging gunslinger, Landon Ricketts, as well as with the revolutionary army, led by Abraham Reyes. Allende promises Marston that he will assist in capturing Williamson and Escuella but instead betrays Marston and tries to kill him indirectly in Chuparosa. After the attempted murder, Marston joins Reyes and his rebel army. They manage to find Escuella in El Presidio, leaving John to either kill or spare his life before handing him over to Ross. Reyes eventually leads an assault on the villa in Escalera. Allende and Williamson attempt to flee, but are ultimately chased down and executed.',360000,5,1 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID)
values ( 'RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2', 29.99, 'https://overclockers.ru/st/legacy/blog/310459/143012_O.jpg','Red Dead Redemption 2 (stylized as Red Dead Redemption II) is a western-themed action-adventure video game developed and published by Rockstar Games. It is the third entry in the Red Dead series and a prequel to 2010s Red Dead Redemption and was released on October 26th, 2018 on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and on November 5th, 2019 for PC.','In May 1899, after a failed ferry heist in the thriving port town of Blackwater, Dutch Van der Linde and his gang are forced to flee the area and attempt to cross the snowy mountains north to avoid the law, leaving their substantial money stash behind. Its members include Arthur Morgan, John Marston, Hosea Matthews, Dutch’s right hand man, Bill Williamson, Javier Escuella, Lenny Summers, Charles Smith, Sean MacGuire, Uncle, Abigail Roberts, Molly OShea, Tilly Jackson, Simon Pearson, Leopold Strauss, Karen Jones, Susan Grimshaw, Josiah Trelawny, Mary-Beth Gaskill, Reverend Swanson, and Micah Bell. The gang set up a camp in the deserted mining town of Colter as a temporary shelter. Arthur, Micah and Dutch find a homestead holding a party, but then realize that the party is hosted by the ODriscolls, a rival gang. The trio defeats them and find Sadie Adler, a widow whose husband was killed by ODriscolls. They take Sadie under their wing.In order to fund their escape south, Dutch has the gang rob a train belonging to the wealthy oil magnate Leviticus Cornwall. A furious and vengeful Cornwall then hires the Pinkerton Detective Agency, who send Agents Andrew Milton and Edgar Ross to apprehend the gang. Realizing that the progress of civilization is ending the time of outlaws, Dutch and the gang decide to gather up enough money to retire and escape the law for good. The gang relocates south to the state of New Hanover, and the gang perform numerous jobs and heists to gather enough money, as Dutch continually promises one last, big heist that will secure their freedom.',360000,5,1 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'Bright Memory: Infinite', 16.99, 'https://store-images.s-microsoft.com/image/apps.25905.14011532625829842.8b68c2ee-279b-4725-9152-fae086765f98.2bb1c47e-1847-4b78-90b4-4df83383a577','Bright Memory: Infinite is a brand new blazing FPS and action game created by FQYD-Studio. Combine a wide variety of techniques and abilities to pull off awesome lightspeed attack combos!','In the year 2036, a strange phenomenon that scientists find no explanation for occurred in the skies around the world. The Supernatural Science Research Organization (SRO) has sent agents to various regions to investigate this phenomenon. It is soon discovered that these strange events are connected to an archaic mystery - a yet unknown story of two worlds is about to be revealed...',360000,1,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'DNF-Duel', 49.99, 'https://arcsystemworks.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/dd_kv-2.png',
'Combat action at its peak! One of the most popular and widely played RPGs in the world, Dungeon and Fighter is now back as a 2.5D action fighting game. Choose from 16 captivating characters, each with unique skills and personalities. Be smart, excel, or defeat your opponents and become a master of the Ultimate Will!','Very different and a lot of incidents are occurring from a Dragon Knight dealing with distortions and not faring well with a berserker who is running wild with some soldiers who are being led by Cyrus. Cyrus is also insisted by Vanguard.Finally, the game features a dedicated Lore sectionin its menus, designed to bring players up to speed if they are unfamiliar with the plot. This Glossary mode should assist players in better comprehending the game.That will make this game open to newcomers as they can scroll through entire regions, organizations, terms, and get to know their background much easier. This will help players find out about the whole story of the game.',10000,1,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'MARVEL’S GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY', 30.11, 'https://cdn-amz.woka.io/images/I/815aqpZqkOS.jpg','If you think its all planned, youre in for a world of surprises, with the consequences of your actions guaranteed to keep the Guardians on their toes. In this Marvels Guardians of the Galaxy origin story, youll cross paths with powerful and unique new creatures and iconic characters, all caught up in the struggle for the fate of the galaxy. Its time to show the universe what youre made of','
Kick off a wild ride across the universe with a fresh look at Marvels Guardians of the Galaxy. In this third-person action-adventure game, youre the Star-Lord, and thanks to your daring but equally questionable leadership, youve convinced a quirky group of unlikely heroes. likely to join you. Some fool (certainly not you) has caused a chain of catastrophic events, and only you can hold the unpredictable Guardians together long enough to fend off the crisis. whole planet. Use Element Blasters, beat tag team, dropkicks support jet launch, nothing is off limits.'
,25000,1,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'FAR CRY 6', 79.99, 'https://www.mobygames.com/images/covers/l/768430-far-cry-6-xbox-one-front-cover.jpg','Far Cry 6 is one of the games developed following the previous Far Cry version. It is expected that Far Cry 6 will be released at the end of 2021 and is one of the most anticipated action games this year. The setting in the game is a fictional island of Yara in the Caribbean, which is considered the largest playground of Far Cry ever.','In the game, the player plays the role of a guerrilla fighter named Dani Rojas whose mission is to fight for freedom and bring peace to the island. The players task is to overthrow the reading mode Anton Castillo, the ruler of the island of Yara, he has led his son Diego Castillo to step in his path and become the ruler of this place.
',500000,1,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'FAR CRY 5', 59.99,  'https://apptrigger.com/files/2017/05/FC5_KEYART_1495563526.jpg','
Far Cry 5 is a first-person shooter game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and Ubisoft Toronto and released in 2018. The game is the standalone successor to 2014s Far Cry 4 and the fifth main installment. in the Far Cry series of games.','The game takes place in Hope County, a fictional area in Montana, USA. The main story revolves around Project at Edens Gate, an apocalyptic cult that has taken over the district under the command of its charismatic and determined leader, Joseph Seed. The player controls an unnamed deputy sheriff who is trapped in Hope County, and must work with the resistance factions to free the county from the tyrannical rule of the Seeds and Edens Gate. The gameplay focuses on combat and exploration; The player engages both enemy soldiers and dangerous wildlife using a range of weapons. The game features many elements found in role-playing titles, such as branching storylines and side quests. The game also features a stage engine, a cooperative multiplayer mode, and a competitive multiplayer mode.
',600000,1,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'FAR CRY 4', 14.99,  'https://apollo2.dl.playstation.net/cdn/EP0001/CUSA00462_00/eWb8JxERVXKknf0yXpNCELiNyS0onpwH.png','Far Cry 4 is a first-person shooter game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft in 2014. It is the successor to the 2012 game Far Cry 3, and the fourth installment in the FarCry series. ','The game takes place in Kyrat, a fictional country in the Himalayas. The main story follows Ajay Ghale, a young Kyrat-American, as he becomes embroiled in a civil war involving the Royal Kyrat Army, controlled by the tyrant king Pagan Min, and an insurgency movement. The disorder is called the Golden Path. The gameplay focuses on combat and exploration; Players engage enemy soldiers and dangerous wildlife using a range of weapons. The game features many of the elements found in the role-playing genre, such as branching storylines and side quests. The game also features a stage engine in both cooperative and competitive multiplayer modes.',760000,1,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'EVERYTHING IS FOR HUMANITY', 9.99, 'https://daominhha.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/download-Everything-Is-For-Humanity-full-crack-daominhha.jpg','
Everything Is For Humanity is an exploration & escape themed horror & horror game. The game focuses on the plot and the player encounters challenging missions in the linear flow of the game.','Some of the scientific research is carried out in the scientific establishment established under the leadership of Dr. Jeffery Phill. As a result of these studies, the organization has succeeded in producing “Synthetic Brain” and “Human Body” and is now starting to develop an artificial intelligence called SynOS to support the structures. this. . The project received the support of many famous businessmen and the state in a short time. In the game, you will be the leader of the software development team. Youll discover a synthetic creation has fallen into the wrong hands and is trying to create a transcendent humanity, and youll learn some heartbreaking truths. Will you escape? Or, try to stop it?
',360000,1,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'Immortal Life', 11.99, 'https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/1861686187982494994/5507808AD73610217BE1B56D041B23C00040C7F5/?imw=1024&&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false','Immortal Life is a very good and attractive Action, Adventure game. The Immortal Life storyline joins a flourishing settlement in an idyllic valley and seeks a peaceful life as you search for a way to restore your recently destroyed Taoist clan.','Youre tasked with tending the crops but usually, people will need an extra pair of hands to gather different types of raw materials, hunt for more food, or build new facilities.The more you help your siblings, the stronger your relationship with them will become – as they open up to you, youll gain new items, quests, and skills. The valley itself is waiting for you to know about it – a wonderful place, full of secrets to learn and discover.Join a flourishing settlement in an idyllic valley and seek a peaceful life as you search for ways to restore your recently destroyed Taoist clan.',360000,1,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'Death Stranding', 49.99, 'https://cdn1.epicgames.com/offer/0a9e3c5ab6684506bd624a849ca0cf39/EGS_DEATHSTRANDINGDIRECTORSCUT_KOJIMAPRODUCTIONS_Expansion_S2_1200x1600-5f99e16507795f9b497716b470cfd876','Death Stranding is an action game set in an open world, and includes asynchronous online functions. Kojima refers to Death Stranding as the first "strand game", an original genre characterized by the games incorporation of social elements. Kojima compared this genre to how his earlier game Metal Gear—now considered a stealth game—was called an action game during its release because the stealth genre had not been established','The player controls Sam Bridges, a porter for a company known as BRIDGES. The player is tasked with delivering supply cargo to various isolated cities known as KNOTs, as well as isolated researchers and survivalists, while also connecting them to a communications system known as the Chiral Network. The player is evaluated by the company and recipients based on their performance (including via "likes" similar to social networks), including whether the cargo was delivered, and if it is intact among other factors. These merits are, in turn, used to level up the players statistics, such as stability and weight capacity, and increase their standing with individual locations and characters (which can improve rewards). How cargo is packed by the player, and the overall weight being carried, affect Sams ability to navigate through the environments.',360000,1,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'ELEX II', 23.99, 'https://cdn1.epicgames.com/offer/75c06d52a99942e9884a47deced106bb/EGS_ELEXII_PiranhaBytes_S2_1200x1600-54abb7b85d02538e20e3237f67dd7b59','ELEX II is the sequel to ELEX, the classic open-world immersive experience from the award-winning creators of the Gothic and Risen series, Piranha Bytes. ELEX II returns to the post-apocalyptic Sci-Fi world of Magalan – with vast environments that can be explored with unparalleled freedom via jet set, youll be able to move through the story. epic story any way you want.
','A few years after Jax defeated Hybrid, a new threat came from the sky, unleashing dangerous power from Eles darkness and endangering all life on the planet. To keep the peace on Magalan and the safety of his family, Jax must go on a mission to convince the factions to unite against the invaders and find his own son, Dex, who has been divided away from him...
Dive into a huge, handcrafted, completely unique world filled with diverse factions and environments set in a post-apocalyptic sci-fi universe.',360000,1,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'ELEX ', 19.99, 'https://img.g2a.com/1080x1080/1x1x0/elex-steam-key-global/59ea17dbae653a077c163552','The quest lines in ELEX are almost no longer simply encapsulated in the motif of "choose A, get outcome B", thanks to the way events are arranged in a natural and never-limited world. players in any stereotype like you dont have enough experience points, not enough levels, dont have the necessary skills or something like that.
','ELEXs story is about Jax, a character created with everything you can imagine from the "western RPG hero" mold you can imagine. He is a high-ranking Alb commander sent on a secret mission with the aim of conquering the land of Magalan, but things do not go smoothly when Jax is betrayed by his own kind. multiple, and a journey to find out what the hell is going on that leads to a goal of revenge and a whole bunch of shit going on in between. This land is divided into many small areas divided by Berserkers – Viking cosplayers who know how to transform the element Elex into… Mana to serve themselves despite opposing the presence of technology, Outlaw can is considered a Mad Max cosplay convention with a full range of rogues, and Cleric is a fanatic Space Marine cosplay organization but armor is of course not as cool.
',360000,4,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'MARVEL’S SPIDER-MAN REMASTERED ', 39.99, 'https://image.api.playstation.com/vulcan/img/rnd/202011/0714/vuF88yWPSnDfmFJVTyNJpVwW.png','Developed by Insomniac Games in partnership with Marvel and optimized for PC by Nixxes Software, Marvels Spider-Man Remastered on PC introduces an experienced Peter Parker fighting large-scale and villainous characters. logo at Marvels New York. At the same time, he struggles to balance his personal life and total upheaval as the fate of Marvels New York rests on his shoulders.
','Following the capture of Wilson Fisk by Spider-Man, a masked gang known as the Inner Demons begin seizing Fisks illicit assets. Mary Jane and Spider-Man learn that the Demons are seeking something called Devils Breath. With the aid of Officer Jefferson Davis, Spider-Man thwarts a Demon attack. Davis is lauded for his heroism at a re-election event for Mayor Norman Osborn. The Demons attack the event, killing Davis and many other attendees. Peter witnesses Martin Li transforming into their leader, Mister Negative, but is knocked unconscious before he can intervene. Following the attack, Osborn hires Silver Sablinova and Sable International to supplant the police. Peter befriends Davis son Miles and persuades him to volunteer at F.E.A.S.T.

Peter and Otto Octavius continue their research into advanced prosthetic limbs, but Osborn withdraws their funding in an attempt to force Octavius to work for his mega-corporation Oscorp. While searching for Li, Spider-Man discovers that Devils Breath is a lethal, virulent bioweapon inadvertently created by Oscorp while developing a cure for genetic diseases. Li locates and steals the only sample of Devils Breath and threatens to release it unless Osborn surrenders to him. Li is foiled by Mary Jane and Spider-Man and subsequently incarcerated at a nearby maximum-security prison called the Raft, while the Devils Breath is secured.

Meanwhile, Octavius obsesses over creating enhanced limbs that exceed the limitations of the human body, creating four mechanical tentacles operated from his back and mentally controlled via a neural interface. He reveals to Peter that he is suffering from a neuromuscular disease that will inevitably immobilize him, and that enhanced limbs will allow him to continue his work when his body fails. Peter warns Octavius that the interface could impact his mind and personality. Octavius continues its use in secret, overcome with anger at Osborn. While investigating a breakout at the Raft, Spider-Man learns that some of his greatest enemies—Li, Electro, Vulture, Rhino, and Scorpion—have escaped. They subdue Spider-Man and present him to Octavius, now "Doctor Octopus," who warns the beaten Spider-Man not to interfere before retaking the Devils Breath and releasing it in Times Square, causing a mass outbreak that infects numerous people, including Aunt May. New York descends into chaos while Octavius team attacks the city. Osborn declares martial law and blames Spider-Man for the incident, branding him a fugitive.',300000,4,3 );



insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 2', 26.99, 'https://romsmania.cc/statics/assets/covers/playstation-portable/marvel-ultimate-alliance-2-usa-v1-02-playstation-portable_1484073680.jpg','You will easily realize that Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 is heavily influenced by many role-playing action games, the most typical is Dungeon Siege. You are assigned a team of four different characters, in which you will take control of the customization of a fixed character while the rest of the party members will be taken over by the machine.
','In general, the main task system is not much different from other games of the same type already on the market with the main requirement of finding and killing. Completing missions as well as defeating enemies along the way will help superheroes accumulate experience points to level up. Unlike in the first version, players are faced with many options to upgrade their characters, in Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 players only need to pay much attention to two main stats, Power Points and Ability Points. (ability index) of the character. These two stats will affect the characters other stats such as Strike (physical attack), Team Work (teamwork ability)... However, if you dont like to bother too much on these stats you can assign that job to the machine, which has a very effective arrangement plan. Besides, through the answers in the conversations or scouring every corner on the way throughout the game, you also receive badges that help increase experience points, attack ability ... for all members of group. Note that the number of slots to mount these badges is very limited, so you must consider carefully before equipping.
',20000,4,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'MONSTER HUNTER STORIES 2: WINGS OF RUIN ', 39.99, 'https://assets-prd.ignimgs.com/2021/06/16/monster-hunter-stories-2-button-1623830254891.jpg','A new adventure awaits you in this second installment of the turn-based RPG series set in the world of Monster Hunter! Become a Rider and form relationships with friendly monsters called Monsters to battle with them as you take part in an epic story.
','Hatch, raise, and live alongside monsters as a Monster Rider in this fun-filled RPG set in the Monster Hunter universe.

Our epic tale begins with the mass disappearance of Rathalos from around the world. At the start of the story, you meet a Wyverian girl who knew your illustrious grandfather, Red. She has been entrusted with an egg, but whats inside it? The fate of the world hangs in the balance as the exciting narrative about the Wings of Ruin unfolds.. You will play as Reds grandson, a legendary Rider. The story begins with a fateful encounter with Ena, a Wyverian girl assigned to an egg capable of hatching into the legendary Rathalos that can wreak havoc if awakened by its destructive powers.
',200000,4,3 );


insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'MONSTER HUNTER WORLD ICEBORNE', 19.99, 'https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/aqxE1tf1yR6TAOO26PJpn7E1qL8=/1400x1400/filters:format(jpeg)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/16234084/MHWI_Key_Art_png_jpgcopy.jpg','Up to now, the Monster Hunter series has had quite a few game versions released across many different platforms, with five main games and many spin-offs. It is noteworthy that most of these spin-offs do not have an international version, but only in Japanese, but are highly appreciated by experts and players. Monster Hunter: World is the main game, but its not an exception
','If compared to other traditional action role-playing games, Monster Hunter: World is quite different. The game does not have a traditional upgrade system, instead, you will collect items from hunted monsters, using those to create new weapons or armor. Continuing to kill the other giant and stronger monsters, then everything continued like a loop. That is why sometimes you will feel a little bit of a repetitive experience. In fact, it is only a temporary feeling because the later battle is always more attractive and dramatic, requiring the players skills to improve more than before. Not to mention, the games combat system is very in-depth, with about a dozen different weapons, each offering a whole new gameplay and changing the players experience accordingly.
',100000,4,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'MONSTER HUNTER RISE ', 39.99, 'https://assets.reedpopcdn.com/monster-hunter-rise-looks-like-itll-be-the-best-of-both-worlds-1601996533355.jpg/BROK/thumbnail/1200x1200/quality/100/monster-hunter-rise-looks-like-itll-be-the-best-of-both-worlds-1601996533355.jpg','Following on from the success of blockbuster Monster Hunter: World and its massive Iceborne expansion, the latest installment in the action RPG series sends players to colorful Kamura Village, as they prepare to defend themselves against a carpet The fast approaching disaster is called Rampage. Hunters can tackle these challenges alone or with up to three other players in local or co-op online play, while taking advantage of the versatility of the Nintendo Switch system, allowing hunting anywhere. anywhere, anytime and with anyone!
','When players arent exploring the five expansive localities, such as Temple Ruins, Wetlands, and Sand Plains, they can also battle massive hordes of monsters in the new Rampage quest type introduced in the game. Monster Hunter Rises. During these quests, the hunters must work with the citizens of Kamura Village to prepare their defenses and defend the Strongholds barriers against waves of invading monsters, including any What Apex monster might come during the siege. In addition to the new game mode, Monster Hunter Rise also introduces new "Switch Skills" for each weapon as hunters progress in the game. By swapping these new skills with existing Silkbind or regular attacks, players can create all sorts of new combos and strategies to suit their preferred playstyle. Monster Hunter Rise will also include new features to improve hunting with others. Dynamic difficulty scaling for multiplayer automatically adjusts as new players join and exit a central mission.

',120000,4,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( ' NEON WHITE', 22.49, 'https://store-jp.nintendo.com/dw/image/v2/BFGJ_PRD/on/demandware.static/-/Sites-all-master-catalog/ja_JP/dwc0c724c8/products/D70010000037794/squareHeroBanner/d67ced1b32d1d3a658e340ac7ada565ac656fffbb8ea60832c2d0476ef66c18b.jpg?sw=990&strip=false','Neon White is a lightning-fast first-person action game about slaying demons in Heaven. You are White, an assassin chosen from Hell to compete with other demon slayers for the chance to live forever in Heaven. The other assassins seem familiar, however…
','To complete a level, the player must defeat all enemies and reach a goal, which additionally grants the player experience which can unlock the ability to see alternate routes and hidden items in levels. Cards can be used as weapons (with the actual weapons and the players hands being non-visible) with each card having a standard firing mode and an alternate special ability that is activated by discarding it',360000,1,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'RESIDENT EVIL: VILLAGE ', 29.99,'https://image.api.playstation.com/vulcan/ap/rnd/202101/0812/FkzwjnJknkrFlozkTdeQBMub.png','Preliminary reviews of Resident Evil Village have poured in, and the games scores seem extremely positive, promising a compelling game. As the tenth main installment in the series, Resident Evil Village continues the storyline that began with Resident Evil 7 and is set three years after the events of RE7.','In Resident Evil Village, Ethan Winters is living peacefully with his wife Mia and daughter Rosemary when Chris Redfield appears, and for various reasons, Ethan ends up having to go to a European village to find a way to rescue his daughter.Resident Evil Village is another success story for this series, with some incredible technical prowess and a series of unexpected twists and turns. In some ways, Resident Evil Village feels like a celebration of the entire franchise, with different gameplay aspects of previous titles explored and amplified in satisfying new ways. ridiculous.',100000,3,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'RESIDENT EVIL 3 REMAKE', 15.99, 'https://i.vietgiaitri.com/2019/12/4/lo-poster-resident-evil-3-remake-nguoi-dep-jill-tiep-tuc-tieu-diet-quai-vat-nemesis-1cf33d.jpeg','Through the trailer, it can be seen that the game is recreating what made the classic version successful in 1999. We will also see the return of the villain Nemesis alongside the main character Jill Valentine and Carlos Oliveira.
','Resident Evil 3 is a survival horror video game that is played from an over-the-shoulder, third-person perspective. Although the player controls Resident Evil protagonist Jill Valentine through most of the game, certain sections require the player to control a supporting character, Carlos Oliveira, for short periods. The player must explore the environment to open doors, climb up ladders, and pick up items. When an item is collected, it is stored in an inventory that can be accessed at any time. Items in the inventory can be used, examined, and combined to solve puzzles and gain access to areas that were previously inaccessible. The player may also pick up maps to reveal unexplored sections in the games automap, which shows the players current position and indicates if an area still has items to collect.Cutscenes with occasional quick time events are featured at regular intervals to advance the story.',70000,3,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'RESIDENT EVIL 2 REMAKE ', 15.99, 'https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EUyfLO9XgAIhcvQ.jpg','Resident Evil 2 is a 2019 survival horror game developed and published by Capcom. As a remake of the 1998 game of the same name, the work launches on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on January 25, 2019. Players will control police apprentice Leon S. Kennedy with college students. learn Claire Redfield as they try to escape Raccoon City during a zombie pandemic.','Resident Evil 2 is a remake of the 1998 game of the same name. Unlike the original, using "tank controls", meaning that pressing up moves the character in the direction theyre facing, back down and down. panning left and right, regardless of camera and fixed angle, the remake features "over-the-shoulder" third-person shooter gameplay similar to Resident Evil 4 and more recent games in the series allowing the player has the option of moving while using the same weapon as Resident Evil 6.The game has an autosave feature and allows the player to save as often as they want in a safe room. If the player chooses to play on "Hardcore" difficulty, the player will be required to collect and use a finite amount of ink to save the games progress, just like in the original game. While exploring the police station, the player can find and pick up items that can help them survive and escape. Certain items such as herbs and gunpowder can be combined to form healing items and ammunition respectively. Items can also be examined for clues to gain access to certain areas or hidden items in the game and can be discarded after use.',50000,4,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'RESIDENT EVIL 2 / BIOHAZARD RE:2', 15.99, 'https://cdn.cdkeys.com/media/catalog/product/r/e/resident_evil_7_-_biohazard_cover.jpg','
Resident Evil 2 Remake uses a 3rd person perspective. The game only has a single player mode according to the story, integrated with short films to help players understand the content.The main color in the game is dark but not gloomy. Dramatic action sequences and horror movie-like sounds make even cold heads shiver.','The setting of Resident Evil 2 Remake is in 1998 in Raccoon City. A deadly virus called the T-Virus, created by the criminal pharmaceutical corporation Umbrella, turns anyone infected into a bloodthirsty zombie.The main character in the game, Leon S. Kennedy is a young police officer, just starting his first day on the job. Claire Redfield is a young college student who is on a quest to find her lost brother, Chris. They meet and go to Raccoon police station together. Here, Leon and Claire are horrified to see all the policemen killed. They learn more that Chris has set off to Europe to investigate Umbrellas shady activities.
Raccoon City soon became a deadly place full of corpses roaming in search of their prey. Leon and Claire separate, go find survivors and escape the city. They have to go through many dangers to uncover a series of other unexpected mysteries of sinister scientists and then finally destroy the boss of the Umbrella corporation.',360000,4,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'RESIDENT EVIL 7 BIOHAZARD', 15.99, 'https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91nLMrVoaWL.jpg','The games first-person perspective doesnt really change the core of Resident Evil that much, because the first half of the game is full of "run and hide" situations instead of depicting conflict like previous titles. Here, players still have to hang around a main area of ??the game with dozens of different jobs: find the way, collect and combine items, solve puzzles, arrange the inventory and of course indispensable cards. Green herbs to heal, is it only that instead of combining with red herbs, chemicals are the remaining ingredients to create a miracle potion capable of making an amputated arm ... stop bleeding , or erase all scars in an instant.
','The beginning of Resident Evil 7 Biohazard opens with Ethan Winters going deep into a remote tributary area in Louisiana with the aim of finding his missing wife. Is this the first and last time that we will see the sun? If Ethan lost his way in this wilderness with only the sound of leaves rustling, would anyone recognize and seek help? Even the thing that drew Ethan here was just part of some crazy joke, or was it actually a trap? Resident Evil 7 Biohazard doesnt have to wait until its officially plunged into darkness to make its examiner feel insecure. The first two hours in the main house of the Bakers mansion is probably the biggest highlight in the entire game with a not-so-new but interesting motif. You are completely free to explore the house in no particular order, but the way the game balances the pace and arranges the scares is really ingenious with many different elements: one the enemy clings to you like a leech similar to Nemesis, the feeling of being breathless when what is happening outside your field of vision is watching your footsteps and ready to "jump" out at the right moment when you are inferior. most focused, and of course the protagonists limited self-defense. With only a pistol and shotgun with a few bullets in hand and the ability… to cover the face to minimize the damage received, but not able to dodge as skillfully as Claire Redfield, to the top "crawling turtle" movement speed. class, perhaps never has the main character in Resident Evil brought such a fragile feeling.

',360000,3,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'RESIDENT EVIL REVELATIONS', 6.99, 'https://image.api.playstation.com/cdn/UP0102/CUSA00924_00/iIxB3S3OxrYF1ORERrPkGXh2lAelyLBRsPaNRtiFcc7vXPtApaTAWcM5HX0pYfWA.png','Resident Evil: Revelations is the event between 2 parts 4 and 5, with the setting on an abandoned ship in the dead Mediterranean sea.','Resident Evil: Revelations is located in the time between Resident Evil 4 and 5 (circa 2005), about the secret missions of the Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance (BSAA). – a bioterrorism counter-organization co-founded not long ago by Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine. The time of Resident Evil: Revelations when Jill and her partner - Parker Luciani set out to find Chris lost while on a mission.

In fact, Chris and his partner Jessica Sherawat at that time were on a secret mission in a snowy mountain region, to find out and track down Il Veltro - a bioterrorist organization that has just caused a pandemic. terror in the city of Terragrigia a year ago. Following Chriss clues, Jill and Parker reach the abandoned ship Queen Zenobia - the last location before Chris disappeared.',250000,1,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'RESIDENT EVIL 6 COMPLETE PACK', 15.99, 'https://cf.shopee.com.my/file/e8e9a966ba60343804f881286cb41ae9','The plot in Resident Evil 6 is divided into 4 main plots with 7 main characters. Instead of creating a common story column for all 7 characters, Capcom created 4 featured storylines with different beginnings and endings for each. This division has brought certain success to Resident Evil 6, showing the highlight and influence of the game.','Through the experience, gamers will feel like the game developers have created a storyline with a distinct climax. While the plot of the first part of the game seems to go through slowly, by the end of the plot everything is pushed to a climax that makes players keep watching until the end. Each level in the overall plot is so interconnected that, when it comes to a stage in the story of this character, you suddenly realize that another characters screen is happening at the same time and everything is almost in sync. together when the main characters meet. Combining the dark game space, horror bosses and visual stimulation for players, Capcom knows how to bring unexpected, scary and memorable situations to the game. Unforgettable feelings like when your character is chased by a giant Ustanak and is beaten to death by it or when an entire area is crowded with people trying to escape getting caught in a cloud of smoke. filled with C-virus and everyone suddenly turned into zombies. Moments like these are Capcoms way of bringing players back to the thrill and horror that the game brought from the very first version.',80000,3,3 );



insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'OXIDE ROOM 104', 24.99, 'https://store-images.s-microsoft.com/image/apps.9481.14250671948954390.5b88d706-5e17-4c2a-a2e1-cc988f7be266.ce1485cd-04b2-4270-936f-a08a1bac4439','Mixing action and escape gameplay, Oxide Room 104 is a creepy single-player bodybuilding horror game set inside an old motel. Kidnapped, at the mercy of a ruthless scientist, and stalked by a terrifying creature, you must attempt to escape using common sense, just as you would in real life. . Can you escape the Oxide?
','It all starts when you wake up in the bathtub of a motel room, naked, covered in wounds and unsure of what happened. You remember that the deal went wrong, but now the only important thing is to try to get out of that horrible place no matter what. From this point on, everything you do will lead you to one of these endings. And we warn you that, out of all the ways it could end, there is only one best way…

There are many options and ways to deal with the situation, as well as different paths. Certain actions will lead you to a state that changes your perception of the environment and even leads to abrupt results. Remember that one bad decision can be the difference between life and death.',90000,3,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'GHOSTWIRE: TOKYO', 29.99, 'https://image.api.playstation.com/vulcan/ap/rnd/202202/1522/n6qx9GWCjkivDuCDsHhBwzhF.png','Face the unknown, uncover the truth and save the city Tokyo is overrun by deadly supernatural forces, perpetrated by a dangerous occultist, causing Tokyos population to vanish in an instant. Ally with a powerful spectral entity on their quest for vengeance and master an arsenal of powerful weapons capable of unraveling the truth behind the disappearance as you face the unexpected in Ghostwire: Tokyo.','Discover a unique vision of Tokyo transformed by a supernatural presence. From ultra-modern cityscapes to traditional temples and back alleys, discover a beautiful city haunted by Yokai – vengeful spirits lurking in the streets.
Explore iconic landmarks like the Shibuya Crossing and Tokyo Tower, beautifully rendered with incredible detail and built to take advantage of next-generation technology. Experience the frozen city as its population disappears and travel to the surreal underworld on your quest to save your family. Use a combination of upgradeable elemental powers and ghost hunting skills to fend off a supernatural threat. Use your ethereal abilities to reach the top of the Tokyo skyline and fly through the streets to discover new quests or even take down your enemies.',700000,3,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'DRAINED GODDESS', 4.99, 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/s5vqOamsQro/maxresdefault.jpg','Drained Goddess is a first-person born horror game achieved with CryEngine. It focuses on the combat system and explores the side story. You will have to fight many unique enemies and difficult numbers of our own character. Finally, you can set different endings for the story.
','The Drained Goddess is a first-person survival horror game achieved with CryEngine. It focuses on combat system and side story exploration. You will need to fight with many unique enemies and investigate the twisted fate of our main character. Finally you can put different endings to the story.',10000,3,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'DYING LIGHT 2 STAY HUMAN - Deluxe Edition', 59.99, 'https://cdn1.epicgames.com/salesEvent/salesEvent/EGS_DyingLight2StayHuman_Techland_Editions_S2_1200x1600-4f6bc2f36367d3a29297034674ab872f','Join the life of a city engulfed in a new dark era. Explore different paths and hidden passages, as you explore its many levels and locations.
CREATIVE & BRUTAL COMBINATION
Leverage your parkour skills to overcome even the most devastating encounters. Clever thinking, traps and creative weapons will be your best friends.','We fought the virus in Harran over 20 years ago, and ultimately failed. Now, we lose again. The city was one of the last major human settlements, divided by conflict. Civilization has returned to the dark ages. However, we still have hope. You are a wanderer with the power to change the destiny of the city. But your special ability comes at a cost. Haunted by memories you cant decipher, you begin to learn the truth…and find yourself in a war zone. To hone your skills, defeat your enemies, and build allies, you need fists and wits. Uncover the dark secrets behind those in power, choose your side and decide your fate. But no matter where your actions take you, theres one thing youll never forget – people.',4000000,3,3 );
insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'DYING LIGHT THE FOLLOWING ', 19.99, 'https://image.api.playstation.com/cdn/EP1018/CUSA03991_00/54Vw5OEv1qAZQEnaLUUOdmNEtfqkor0v6wx41Go74knXw5Yw6SrwbGQTOgJg6vMs.png','Although possessing a small fanbase, but also enthusiastic enough for its "intrinsic" products like Call of Juarez or Dead Island, perhaps Techland needs a new name enough to "raise" companies and show people what their potential can be. And so Dying Light was born, the result of Techlands efforts after getting rid of Deep Silvers "command". Dead Island can bring in quite a bit of revenue, but Techland itself said that Dying Light is the Dead Island game they have always wanted to make.','The parkour mechanism is not new, but it is used in an unsuitable way in Dying Light. Exploring the city of Harran on your own feet is much more interesting than sitting in a car and visiting with the naked eye.
The role-playing element of Dying Light has many similarities with Far Cry 3. Crane possesses 3 skill classes: Survivor (survival), Agility (agility) and Power (combat). It is worth noting that all three branches have their own three columns of experience points. The Survivor Column can be filled by completing quests, assigned challenges, saving people in distress from zombies or Raisminions, etc. Experience points for Agility are added each time the player makes a climb. or overcome obstacles. Finally, the Combat column is in the "classic" style, making the opponent "bleed" as much as possible!The final highlight of Dying Light is the extremely rich amount of content. In addition to challenges such as killing zombies in a certain amount of time or running away from a marked area on the map without being detected, the cooperative game mode (co-op) also offers a few challenges. quite interesting like... race to the airdrop or compete to see who "collects the most bottles"!',360000,3,3 );

insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( 'AFTER THE FALL – LAUNCH EDITION', 27.99, 'https://steam-repacks.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/After-The-Fall-%E2%80%93-Launch-Edition-Free-Download-By-Steam-repacks.jpg','From the creators of Arizona Sunshine®, an epic virtual reality action FPS with intense co-op gameplay that pits up to 4 players at its core against an abandoned post-apocalyptic VR world. destroy. ravaged by ferocious zombies, mutated and twisted by the relentless cold.','Set in the ice-covered ruins of 1980s LA, nearly 20 years after the apocalypse, After the Fall® combines an evolving VR world shared with players across all platforms with the game. play. Action-packed co-op show, built from the ground up for VR. Adventure into the ruins of post-apocalyptic LA, wielding deadly weapons and devastating powers with real-life movements as you develop your fighting style and join forces with players across the globe. around the world. bridge. Around the world. Join the mob and towering bosses in your quest to leave the city in a better place than your predecessors.',360000,3,3 );
-- insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( '', 49.99, '','','',360000,3,3 );
-- insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( '', 49.99, '','','',360000,3,3 );
-- insert into PRODUCT (NAME, PRICE,IMAGE,shortDescription,description,soldAmount,cID,sell_ID) values ( '', 49.99, '','','',360000,3,3 );



























